Once upon a time, there was a cat named Brot who lived in a biergarten. 
Brot liked this very much because his Lederhosen-wearing owner,Fräulein Mehlhase,
gave him a Bratwurst every day. But one day as Brot was getting a Brat,
a Hund jumped out of a BMW and started after him. The Hund was after Brot's Bratwurst.
It was jealous and proposed a contest for the Bratwurst, appealing to Brot's
wet-tbewerbsfaehig nature.

Brot accepted.

Whoever jumped over the Kilmaanlage of the Baeckerei nextdoor first would win; the race was on.
The Hund, however, was very fat due to consuming far too many Gebaeck from the local Baeckerei,
so he tripped over his feet as Brot gracefully lept over the Kilmaanlage with ease,
filled with a sense of schadenfreude. Brot, although inhalt with the results, 
saw the sadness on the Hund's face. He just wanted the chance to experience a Bratwurst, after all. 
So despite everything, Brot had a moment of das Mitleid for the Hund.

While Brot wasn't about to give up his hard-earned Bratwurst, he believed that if the Hund
was given the opportunity to pull himself up by his own Hundstraps, he might be able to earn a 
Bratwurst of his own, so Brot decided to introduce the Hund to the owner of the local
Ratskeller, which was looking for a guard dog to protect their casks from covetous drunks. 

But as the Hund and Brot were nearing the Ratskeller, a bus from the Flughafen playing loud
RammsteinMusik and driving erratically on the Hauptstrasse ran up on the curb.

"Ach, du lieber!" cried the Hund. "This horrible driving! Und this RammsteinMusik! It reminds me of
my poor owner, swerving about recklessly on the Autobahn in his fuel-efficient and perfectly
engineered BMW. In my selfish lust for another's Bratwurst, I forgot about him entirely.
Oh woe is the beast that overlooks what's important in life while in blind pursuit
of another's sausage. I am the wurst!"

Brot, feeling incredibly sorry for the sad hund, decided to try to make the hund a little happier.
Brot reached deep in his pocket, took out a match, lit a rag, and placed the rag in the bus' gas tank.
When the hund saw that everyone was off the bus and the bus was in flammen stephen, he howled with
delight.